    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Gives meaning to the markup on a webpage.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Structures a web page

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Special words used inside the opening tag to control the elements behavior

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    To identify the main heading of the page. It should only the used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The img or image element and the input element

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    meta data

    7. What is an id? 
    Is used to point to a specific style declaration in a style sheet

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    It can be added to any element but styles only an indivdual element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    One per element

    10. What is a class? 
    Class is used to stylize a group of elements usually enclosed in a div

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    div

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    You can use it as many times as you want but it's going to style everything with that class id the same way

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Set the target attribute to _blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    To describe the image for the visually impaired

    15. How do I reference an id?
    Put a hashtag(#) before the id name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The content inside of a section is put there to be grouped in certain area in the layout of the page
    A div is used to group the content inside of it so that it can be stylized later

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Used to style the web page

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    declare the element by putting h2 then add a colon behind it

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Using an class would add definition or style to several elements within the class on a page. An id would style one specific element 
    So you would add class to a div and id to h1

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select a class we would put a dot or period and then the class Name

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Parent child selectors are used to quickly style all of the child elements inside the parent element in one way. This would be useful when marking up a web page with a lot of information to make sure that the section looks clean and orderly

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    psuedo selectors add style to certain selectors ex: a:hover{} Hover is the psuedo selector

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Use the line-height property in class

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    The letter-spacing property. You can use pixels or em to keep the spacind relevant to the font ssize

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    We would use the text-transform: property in CSS and then we would add uppercase for all caps, lowercase for all lowercase letters and capitalize to capitalize the first letter of a word

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    .question28 {border-style:dotted;
    border-width:1px;
    border-color:black;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    The * selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    add //before the comment

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    git status

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -r You have to be careful because some systems won't prompt you before deleting

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control helps to not alter the original document but allows you to still be able to make changes to it so changes can be compared and different members of a team can work on one Project

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    often

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    first cd into the file that you're storing your work into, second, git clone the repo, third, cd into the repo, fourth, git checkout -b and create a branch, git add to add repo changes, git commit -m will commit the changes and you should also add a message with it to explain the changes that were made, git push -u origin and then the branch name to push the commits from the machine to github, then go to the forked repo on github and click on branch:master then click on my branch name from the drop down menu and click on new pull request, then on the pull request page click on the drop down that says base repo and change it to my forked repo,at the end it should say that the branch has no conflicts and ask if you would like to merge, do not merge 